This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to the movie titled: Little
Nicky.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
There is a man sitting on a tree with the
setup like he’s having dinner.
He takes a sip of wine and slowly spies a
very hot lady from her bedroom’s window.
As he is very satisfied with the scene, her
son enters.
He makes a phone call to their house and requires
the son to get out of the room.
Just then, the lady spots him from the window.
The man gets a slingshot in the eye, dropping
from the tree.
Within minutes after that, he finds himself
floating in a cloudpool.
He ends up going through the wall of soul
in Hell.
Nicky, the Satan’s sweet son, enjoys the
rock music before the Demon assistant - Jimmy
walks in.
He tells Nicky to come to the throne room
under his father’s order.
Nicky has two brothers: Adrian, the most intelligent,
and Cassius, the silly but strongest.
They have hated Nicky and mind controlled
him for fun since he was born.
Nicky has a speech disorder caused by Cassius.
He hit Nicky in the face with a shovel, making
his jaw deformed.
Seeing Cassius hurt Nicky again by mind control
ability, Satan walks in and punishes him.
The father and sons join a meeting to decide
who would be the next successor for ruling
Hell.
Satan says it is difficult for him to decide
who keeps the throne among the three sons.
He thinks the sons need more time to learn
about the balance between the good and the
evil.
Therefore, he’ll keep the throne for himself.
Displeased with Satan’s decision, Adrian
and Cassius decide not to serve in Hell for
the next 10000 years.
The two then come up with their own evil plan:
coming up back to the Earth and creating their
new Hell.
The two then run backward to the wall of soul.
As they jump over it, the wall becomes frozen,
blocking the only entrance to Hell.
When getting the bad news, Satan lets Nicky
know that his brothers’ action would make
him die.
If the wall of soul is blocked, there are
no more evil souls coming.
This causes Satan’s body to begin decomposition.
To stop them, Nick is sent to Earth.
He will have to find his brothers and trap
them in a silver flask.
Nicky has less than a week to save Satan.
Returning to Earth, Nicky has difficulties
staying alive.
He is killed and sent back to Hell several
times.
Upon getting back, Nicky meets a talking bulldog
called Mr. Beefy, who is his father’s best
friend.
Nicky seems very scared of the real world
and rushes to find his brothers.
Beefy tells him that it is not easy to find
them because they can possess people and become
different from their original appearances.
At first, Beefy teaches Nicky to put on warm
clothes and eat food.
He then takes Nicky to share an apartment
with a struggling actor named Todd.
Knowing that Satan is running out of time,
Nicky holds the flask and forces anyone he
sees in the street to take a sip, aiming to
expose his brothers.
Nicky gets hit at every single attempt.
Meanwhile, Adrian and Cassius possess religious
and political leaders to join their scheme.
Poor Nicky has been very enthusiastic to find
his brothers but he’s been failed and become
exhausted.
While sleeping, his flask is stolen by an
old man.
Nicky wakes up and panics knowing that his
flask is gone.
Luckily, he runs into the flask at the man’s
open fair.
When he asks the man to give it back, the
man threatens him.
Nicky gets to see Valerie, a design student.
She kindly helps Nicky to get his flask back.
He falls in love with Valerie ever since.
While the couple are walking together, Adrian
spots Nicky across the street.
Nicky once again is mentally controlled, scaring
Valerie away.
Adrian makes Nicky go to Hell one more time
by setting him up with a car accident.
At home, Nicky encounters his brothers possessing
other political and religious VIPs in the
city on TV.
Beefy decides to teach Nicky how to release
the Wickedness inside him, eventually empower
Nicky using his evil power and fight with
his brothers.
While learning, Todd enters the living room.
He asks to use the TV for the basketball game.
Just then, Nicky sees Cassius on television,
possessing the referee of the game.
Nicky immediately runs to the court to capture
Cassius.
Taking this opportunity, Nicky starts to use
his evil power, trying to defeat Cassius with
his great performance on the court.
Nicky then tricks Cassius to take a sip from
the flask, eventually trapping one of his
brothers inside.
Impressed by Nicky's talents, metalheads John
and Peter decide to become his forever fans.
After the game, Nicky brings his fans to the
apartment.
They soon bond with Todd and Beefy.
The group have a fun time together as good
friends.
They also encourage Nicky to find Valerie
and apologize to her.
Nicky then gets the courage to see Valerie
that night.
Nicky fails to take Valerie back at the beginning.
He gets pepper sprayed and falls off the building.
However, he can use his power to lift himself
back to Valerie.
At the end, Nicky explains to her about his
identity and why he is on Earth, Valerie accepts
him.
The two fly in the sky to enjoy the city at
night.
The following day, Adrian possesses the Chief
of Police Department and accuses Nicky of
being a serial murderer in the city.
Elsewhere on the street, Nicky hasn’t known
about this and still enjoys his new day.
People around start to hunt him for the reward
from the Police Department.
Confused and scared, Nicky turns himself into
a thousand spiders and fights people away.
Coming back home, Nicky learns about Adrian’s
evil trap.
He asks the friends to kill him so he can
return to Hell and talk with his father.
In Hell, Nicky realizes that Satan is now
badly fallen apart.
He has hearing trouble as the ears are gone.
The Demon assistant panics because the midnight
deadline to capture Adrian and Cassius is
only hours away.
Nicky assures Satan that he’ll try his best
to save his father.
Returning to Earth, Nicky and the friends
think of an idea to capture Adrian.
John and Peter pretend to meet the Chief of
the police department.
They let him know about Nicky’s location.
The two take the Chief to the subway station.
The team arranged to have Todd and Beefy arrested
instead.
While waiting for Nicky, the chief reveals
himself to be Adrian.
Just then, Valerie disguises as a drunk woman
with a flask covered in a bag.
She gives it to John and Peter, attempting
to trap Adrian.
Seeing Peter is strangely worried while John
keeps cool.
Adrian realizes the trick.
Later, John reveals to be possessed by Nicky.
Adrian decides not to release Cassius out,
telling him that Hell only needs one next
Satan.
Meanwhile, Beefy manages to escape from the
police and comes back to help Nicky.
Back to the subway, Adrian captures Valerie
and threatens Nicky to take a sip from the
flask.
As Nicky is about to drink, Beefy arrives
on time and attacks Adrian with an arrow.
Adrian grabs Valerie down the track as the
train is coming.
Nicky storms in to save Valerie by throwing
her out of the track.
Adrian and Nicky are eventually killed by
the train.
A moment later, Adrian shows up in front of
his father and questions Nicky.
Adrian then dethrones his father and becomes
the next Satan.
He arrives on Earth and lets all the humans
know that he’ll kill them in 15 minutes.
Adrian plans to turn Earth into Hell.
Meanwhile, Nicky finds himself in heaven this
time.
He meets his mother Holly again.
She tells him that he can only fight Adrian
by his “inner light”, an ability that
he was actually inherited from her.
She then gives him a mysterious orb and encourages
him to be brave and fight for the right.
Back to the Earth, the demons discover Nicky
and try to attack him.
Nicky creates gifts for them which makes them
respect him enough to join Nicky and stop
Adrian.
Coming to see Adrian with good will, Adrian
kills one of the demons, making them all run
away from Nicky.
Now Nicky has to deal with his brother alone.
Both of them decide to fight inside the flask.
Here happens to be a three-way fight among
the brothers.
They fight fiercely inside the flask with
the cheers from his friends outside.
Nicky finally gets out of the flask alone,
signaling the win.
However, when Valerie kisses him for the victory,
she realizes something is wrong.
Nicky reveals to be Adrian and he’s turning
himself into a bat.
With the help from Valerie, Nick can escape
from the flask.
Nicky decides to follow his mother’s advice
to destroy Adrian.
When he breaks the orb, Ozzy Osbourne appears,
bites Adrian's head off and sends him back
to the flask.
Mission completed, Valerie has to kill Nicky
so he can return to Hell and bring the flask
to his father before midnight.
Nicky saves Satan just in time.
Later, he regains his body and the throne.
Satan allows Nicky to stay with Valerie on
Earth as he deserves that.
The film closes a year afterward, when Nicky
and Valerie live in New York with their newborn
child, Zachariah.
John and Peter die in a plane crash and now
live happily in the hell of Nicky's old bedroom.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!